# Session 26 - Happy Praying Time

#recap 

13.12.22 // 25 Thunsheer 836 PD

• [[Viro of the Wood]] has his fortune read; Amkezne pulls out her deck of (tarot?) cards and splays them across the table. Viro very quickly gets the sense that she is a charlatan, but humors her all the same. She pulls the scorpion as her first card, telling him that he must have had a lonely past. She draws a jewel as her second, telling him that his present is full of abundance. Her last card pulled is that of an oasis - water in the desert, a future that brings him everything he needs - a card of change.
•  [[Viro of the Wood]] thanks Amkezne and departs. 
• [[Ozark the Scale Tamer]] heads back to the Opalite Tomery, where he attempts to subtly pick up a book on origami, feeling like Ayo now believes him to be into origami and not wanting to disappoint her; Hamlen loudly assists him, much to his embarrassment, but does also let slip that another origami book was picked up just the day prior.
• [[Fear, Nathan]] splits from the group to watch some of the performances at the Opalite Forum, before heading off to find some bathing oils - easily purchased at the Steam Gardens - and a number of fruits. He heads down to one of the rivers in the river district and attempts a swim, but is quickly reprimanded by the Hands of Ord and told that he needs a permit to be in the rivers, as they are also the source of the city's drinking water. Fear reluctantly finds a nice spot to oil up and enjoy the sun while perusing his books.
• Nine Hells, Nine Vacation Destinations turns out to be a sarcastic take on the Nine Hells from someone who visited with no previous knowledge whatsoever (and likely barely survived to tell the tale).
• When Not To Use Fireball is a highly technical mathematical manual on how to aim a fireball "just right".
• [[Herschel Rigo]] and [[Ozark the Scale Tamer]] head toward the Guided District to consult their deities.
• [[Ozark the Scale Tamer]] heads into the Temple to Avandra and offers a small donation to a pile of coins at the base of the statue of the divine lady of luck. On his departure, he hears that all of the coins the statue receives go back to supporting the unfortunate of the city come the rise of the month.
• [[Herschel Rigo]] purchases flowers and incense and visits the Temple of the Shadow Sister (Moon Weaver), where they are met by a tabaxi priestess who offers to assist them. Herschel asks about prayer in general, being unaccustomed to religion, and the tabaxi advises that all prayer is "legitimate" in its own way, so long as the prayer is sincere. Herschel ponders how best to go about theirs.
• [[Viro of the Wood]] visits the Bone Garden while window-shopping and meets Rerosha, a mute shopkeep of an almost antiquery/curiosities shop, and her parrot. He purchases a standard set of dice (with a parrot-sized bite taken out of one of the d6s) and a color-changing marble.
• [[Fear, Nathan]], dissatisfied with his books, heads back to the Opalite Tomery where he trades Hamlen for Sterwebs' Almanac of Demons.
• [[Herschel Rigo]] makes an offering of flower crowns to the Shadow Sister and her attendants, lights some incense, and asks for Divine guidance on how they are to find Cael Morrow. They receive a spectral image of a white moth floating above one of the reflective pools within the temple.
• [[Viro of the Wood]] passes a closed shop known as "The Shade" which is currently up for sale.
• [[Viro of the Wood]] catches up with [[Wysp Rigo]], who is loudly arguing with a street vendor peddling "Choose Your Own" snake eggs from a cart filled with sand. Wysp and Viro agree to purchase eggs at 10 gp each. They are told that the leathery pouch-like eggs need to be kept warm and safe for three days' time and will hatch shortly thereafter. 
• [[Ozark the Scale Tamer]] and Herschel meet Cookie, a toasted-looking bronze dragonborn giving away free samples of simit (a sesame-coated pretzal-like bread) and banana milk from his cart. The pair get the impression that he's been giving away a lot more than he is actually selling. Cookie shares that he's hoping to open his own bakery where the Shade is currently located, and he's just ten gold away from fulfilling his lifelong dream of having Marquet's first dragonborn-toasted bakery.
• [[Herschel Rigo]] suggests instead opening up in the River district near the Steam Gardens, as a bakery would work very well in proximity to a peaceful spa day; Cookie tells Herschel that there's only one bakery in the River District - Old Man Kruuk's - and that he's pretty fierce about not having competition, although Cookie has heard rumors that Kruuk - formerly a Scarbearer - deals under the table in magic items.
• The pair give him the money that he needs to set up at The Shade and he's overjoyed, packing up the remainder of his cart for them and promising to name some of his creations after them, telling them to be certain to stop by when he's open.
• [[Fear, Nathan]] passes by a cart where an old tabaxi is selling shisha tobacco and nergile pipes; he offers Fear a sample and Fear slips into a chair next to him. The tabaxi introduces himself as Dust. At Fear's request, he teaches the tiefling a few Marquesian phrases  - "hello", "goodbye", "where is the bathroom", etc.
• Dust laments that he's been relegated to a cart; he used to be a proud owner of The Shade, but had some dealings with folx in red - the Consorts of the Red Something - who'd been renting out some of his space. When they got in trouble with the Hands of Ord, he lost the business entire. He hasn't seen hide nor hair of them since.
• [[Fear, Nathan]] purchases some cigars from Dust and heads back towards the Step Aside; the white moth appears and rests on Fear's shoulder, riding all the way back with him.
• [[Kleion]] returns from the Temple of the Mentor, having learned that both Iwo and Jamil have been out for the day "on business", and finding nothing more while searching the stacks in their absence.
• [[The Party]] reconvene and share what they've learned over the course of the day over cigars and a game of Avandra's Favor; the moth watches from the stairwell.
• In the midst of their conversation, the moth plinks against a lantern several times and finally, agitated, drops its guise, revealing itself to be a human woman with extremely pale skin and white hair dressed in all red.